---
layout: page
title: ODSI
tagline: open data science initiative
---


# Updates

<ul class="post-list">
    {% for post in site.posts %}
      <li>
        <span class="post-meta">{{ post.date | date: "%b %-d, %Y" }}</span>

        <h2>
          <a class="post-link" href="{{ post.url | prepend: site.baseurl }}">{{ post.title }}</a>
        </h2>
      </li>
    {% endfor %}
  </ul>


In the [SITraN group of Machine
Learning](http://ml.dcs.shef.ac.uk/sitran/) of the University of
Sheffield we are organizing a series of meetups to bring together people
interested in Data Science! The meetings typically consist on
presentations ofÂ  relevant contributors to the Data Science field
combined with informal discussion, poster sessions, round tables etc. In
our first meeting we organized the first dynamic poster session using
IPython-notebooks! You can have a look at the IPython-notebooks
presented in the previous events
[here](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/SheffieldML/notebook/blob/master/datascience/index.ipynb).\

Feel free to join us! Actually, we are making up a mail list with
everyone interested in these events. Do not hesitate to contact
j.h.gonzalez@sheffield.ac.uk if you want to be part of it! Details about
future the events will be updated in this web.\

You can also follow us in Twitter:
[@DataScienceShef](https://twitter.com/DataScienceShef)\


Past Events\

 12 Jun 2014, Stan and aspects of scientific computing support \
 16:00-17:00 [Michael Betancourt](http://www.homepages.ucl.ac.uk/%7Eucakmjb/)- UCL.\
 17:00-18:00 [Michael Croucher](https://twitter.com/walkingrandomly)
[](http://scholar.google.fr/citations?user=PJQNw9oAAAAJ&hl=en)-
University of Manchester.\
 18:00 - IPython notebook poster session.\
 \
 WHEN: 12 April 2014, at 16:00 hrs, \
 WHERE: Engineering Graduate school, Pam Liversidge
Building[(http://www.sheffield.ac.uk/faculty/engineering/estate/pamliversidge)](http://www.sheffield.ac.uk/faculty/engineering/estate/pamliversidge),
Room PLB-D05\


No registration is required. If you want to participate with an
IPython-notebook feel free to contact j.h.gonzalez@sheffield.ac.uk. We
hope to see you there.

 \
 30 April 2014, IPython-notebook and Scikit-learn.\
 [Fernado Perez](http://fperez.org/)- University of Berkeley.\
 [Fabian
Pedregosa](http://scholar.google.fr/citations?user=PJQNw9oAAAAJ&hl=en) -
ParisTech.\
 IPython-notebooks poster session: find the notebooks
[here.](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/SheffieldML/notebook/blob/master/datascience/index.ipynb)\
 30 April 2014, at 16:00 hrs.\
 Engineering Graduate school, Pam Liversidge
Building[(http://www.sheffield.ac.uk/faculty/engineering/estate/pamliversidge)](http://www.sheffield.ac.uk/faculty/engineering/estate/pamliversidge)\
 Room PLB-D05\
\

